{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2682
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Futura-Medium;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Apple-Chancery;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\cname textColor;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14160\viewh11760\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs40 \cf2 Choosing the Right Extension Approach
\f1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs24 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\qj\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs26 \cf0 We\'92ve looked at the built-in text controls, the components in the TextKit stack, and how to configure those components to achieve different effects.  There\'92s a lot you can do with that knowledge already, but if you need even more, you\'92ll need to extend parts of TextKit.  So now we\'92ll talk a little bit about choosing the right approach for that.  And choosing the right approach is like building up your text toolbox.  It\'92s like going to the hardware store because you need a hammer, and then when you get there, there\'92s this giant wall of hammers to choose from.  You want to pick the hammer that can do the job, and the least expensive one that will do what you need.  So these are the hammers that are available to us.  Delegation is like your standard hammer with the claw on the end, it\'92s useful for multiple tasks.  The delegates have a lot of commonly desired customization hooks and most of the time it\'92ll get the job done.  Notifications is like a ball-peen hammer, which has a ball on the end instead of a claw.  It\'92s more specialized and better suited for certain tasks than the standard hammer of delegation, but it\'92s not quite as versatile.  And finally, subclassing is your sledgehammer.  You can use the sledgehammer for just about anything you\'92d need a hammer for, but it\'92s probably overkill for a lot of things.}